[python] Allow to build Python wheel package (#3594)
microsoft/LightGBM: python-package/README.rst

If you get any errors during installation or due to any other reasons, you may want to build dynamic library from sources by any method you prefer (see `Installation Guide <https://github.com/microsoft/LightGBM/blob/master/docs/Installation-Guide.rst>`__) and then just run ``python setup.py install --precompile``.

> Build wheel from GitHub
> '''''''''''''''''''''''''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Wheel File
****************

```

> You can use ``python setup.py bdist_wheel`` instead of ``python setup.py install`` to build wheel package instead of installing it into system.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ``python setup.py bdist_wheel`` instead of ``python setup.py install`` to build wheel file and use it for installation later. This might be useful for systems with restricted or completely without network access.

```

Reviewer: Feel free to add more use cases here.
